In this video, I'm going to walk you
through how to retarget your website
visitors using LinkedIn ads. So, how do
you really maximize uh the point from
the ad click to the website visit and
nurture and convert those users to the
best of your ability using the LinkedIn
ads website retargeting segments. If
you're new to the channel, my name is
Sylvia Perez. I'm the founder of Ad
Conversion. 5,000 plus B2B marketers
take our courses. Uh, and in addition to
that, I also run an ad agency for B2B
SAS that manages about $3 million a
month in ad spend under management. And
LinkedIn is a core part of our
day-to-day of what we teach in our
academy, but also what we do for
clients. So, if you are looking to
really learn how to maximize
retargeting, we've got a lot of great
videos for you here on this channel. But
in this video, we're going to dive
specifically into the website
retargeting segment and a couple of
different use cases that you can
leverage to really maximize the return
on investment of using this specific use
case of retargeting. So, high level, uh
just make sure everyone here is on the
same page. Step number one is you got to
make sure you have the LinkedIn ads
insight tag installed on your website.
That's uh V1. I'm assuming you already
have that. So you're already acrewing
traffic of people visiting your website.
The second thing you want to do is you
want to make sure that you maximize the
segment. So step number one is you want
to go into LinkedIn ads under the
audiences section, create an audience, a
matched audience, and you're going to
select here website as the retargeting
segment. As you can see, we have a lot
of different options uh for retargeting.
And I highly recommend that you're
leveraging as many retargeting segments
possible. And you're going to click
next. And then what you're going to do
is you're going to go ahead and start
off with just a general catchall
retargeting audience. So for our case at
ad conversion, I'm going to grab my uh
my URL here and then I'm going to drop
this in here and I'm going to do
contains adconversion.com. So this is
capturing the root domain. So what this
is going to do is it's going to allow me
to capture all possible visitors from my
audience. In addition to this, uh,
naming conventions are really important.
I love personally to always put
remarketing in brackets like this when I
name my retargeting audiences because
then it makes it super easy to just
search REM uh, when I'm building
audiences and my campaigns to find all
of my retargeting segments. In addition
to that, if you have the audience size,
what I recommend that you do is that you
use clusters. So, for context, like um,
cohorts of time are very powerful. So,
if you have the retargeting audience
size, it would be really beneficial to
have a 30-day segment, a 90-day segment,
and then a 180day segment. So, with
these three segments of time, so for
context, this is anyone that's been to
your website in the last 30 days, 90
days, and then 180 days. And what this
allows you to do is now what we can do
for our 30-day segment is we can show
them different content uh in relation to
some of our 90-day segments, right? And
our 180day segments and so on and so
forth. So for context like uh for the
90-day segment, I'm going to focus very
much on product marketing content,
social proof content, and thought
leadership content. For the 30-day
segment, I'm going to focus very much on
product marketing and social proof
content. Um,
and for the 180day segment, it's going
to be the exact same thing, but maybe
more of a focus on thought leadership
content. So, essentially what I'm able
to do by creating these three different
segments of time is I create an
experience for the user where in the
first 30 days, I'm showing them content
around my product, the capabilities, how
I can solve their problems. In addition
to that, social proof. Because the
assumption here is the more recent the
person engage with your website, the
like the the more brand affinity and
trust and the higher propensity to
conversion it is. This isn't always
necessarily true. Sometimes what we'll
find is like our 90-day segments convert
better than 30 or vice versa, the 180
converts better than the 90. This is
where you have to test and see for
yourself. But again, if you have the
audience size, if you don't have the
audience size to do this, don't worry.
Uh just focus on the 90-day segment and
then go from there. But VLE one here is
you need to just create your first
segment because it's only once you
create the audience that it then starts
populating after the point of creation.
So in this case I'm just going to name
this remarketing 90 days web visits.
This is the naming convention that I
like to follow if you want to take
advantage of it. And then I would just
replicate this process three times over.
I would save this and then I would do
this again for 30, 90, and 180. Uh for
context, this is what this looks like in
practice. So you can see I've got a
30-day segment, a 90-day segment, and
180day segment. And because of my naming
conventions, it makes it super easy to
see where each cohort of time is. So in
future, I can create a campaign around
30 days with all these different
segments, 90 days and 180 days. I
actually have a video in this channel
that I walk through this uh remarketing
best practices in much more detail if
you guys want to dive into that. But uh
moving on, I want to just focus on some
different use cases with the website
visits audience and some traps to avoid.
So for their website visits audience, um
there's a couple of like golden gems
within this that you can leverage. So
for context, you have a lot of traffic
that's coming to your website, right?
And your website probably has some very
important pages that are a good
indicator of intent. One of those pages
is your pricing page. In addition to
that, it could be your case study page.
Uh another high intent page could be,
you know, like ROI calculators. Uh could
be a good one. But essentially think
about what are the pages on your website
that if somebody's actually engaging
with they are interested right like
there's some actual sales intent because
what you can do is you can make this
specific audience its own segment and
then you can launch a campaign against
it. So in practice what this would look
like is I would come here I would create
an audience I would do uh website visit
and then what I'm going to do is I'm
going to name this remarketing high
intent and then uh this is going to be
web visits and then I'm going to put the
cohort of time. So let's just say 90
days. And then now what I'm going to do
is I'm going to put those specific
pages. So for context that would be like
slash uh contains you know pricing
uh and then what I would do is I would
add an or statement. So it can be
pricing page or case study page, right?
So case study um you know and I'm I'm
obviously like guessing you have to put
here what are the URLs that match for
you. But in practice you would create
these different combinations. So pricing
or case study or uh calculators whatever
that is for you. If you have like an on
demand platform walkthrough or a product
tour, did they visit that? This is a
high intent audience that you can create
based on website visits and then you can
push your core offer against this
audience. So for example, sign up for a
free trial, get a demo and it makes
sense in this case because this segment
has quote unquote expressed intent right
based on the actions they took on your
website. So that's a really great one
that I would recommend that you guys try
out if you have the audience size. Um,
another one that I really love if you're
doing a lot of uh activities on Google
ads. So if you're running a lot of
Google ad campaigns and then you're
driving Google ad traffic to your
website, there's a massive opportunity
to just retarget that Google Ads
traffic. So for context, like uh your
Google Ads traffic, maybe you're paying
like, you know, $40, $70 per click if
you're bidding on exact match high
intent keywords, you know, maybe it's
less, but the point is is you're buying
high intent traffic. You're driving them
to your landing pages on your website.
They're not converting. Uh so we want to
make sure we take advantage and we
capitalize on that high intent traffic
and we try to get them to convert. So in
addition to this high intent web visits
ones if you don't have the audience size
alone you can add it as a cluster here
as an or rule where basically what you
would do is you would say or match a URL
where the UTM source contains whatever
it is for you. So in this case I'm going
to put Google and the UTM medium equals
CPC. This is my way of saying I I want
to also include just Google ads traffic
visitors in my high intent audience
cluster that I'm creating here. And
because I'm using this or segment, it
gives me more flexibility in terms of
audience size. So if you're not able to
just have this be its own audience
segment, you can cluster it together
like this. And now what I've done is
I've created a really high intent
segment again that I have the
opportunity, these people were already
searching on Google, they came to my
website, they didn't convert. Now I have
the opportunity to show ads against them
on LinkedIn uh to try to get them to
convert on that primary call to action.
So that is it for this video. I hope it
was helpful and it gave you a different
perspective of how to think about uh
using the LinkedIn ads website
retargeting audience. Again, make sure
if you have the size to leverage those
different cohorts of time. Check out our
best practices video on the channel to
go deeper on this around like types of
content to run. In addition to that, if
you have the size, creating a high
intent segment based on pricing, page
visits, case study, calculator views,
uh, Google ads traffic is awesome
because it's going to allow you to drive
more demo requests, more free trials
from a segment that has already
expressed interest. But all in all, when
you're leveraging LinkedIn ads
retargeting, the real power comes from
when you combine multiple segments
together, so you can really scale your
size. I hope this video was helpful. If
you guys want to dive deeper on uh
LinkedIn ads, then you should absolutely
check out our courses here at
adconversion.com. If you're not
familiar, we've got free courses on
Reddit, on Google, on LinkedIn, and in
our LinkedIn ads courses, we dive deep
into all of this stuff. And all of our
courses are 100% free. So, uh you can
sign up today. You'll get access to our
existing courses and future courses. The
only thing that we have that is paid, if
you're wondering what's the catch, is
our community where once people go
through our courses, they're ready to
take things to the next level. then they
go into the community. That's it for
this video. I hope you enjoyed it. If
you're not subscribed already, if you
can do me a favor and hit that subscribe
button and like it, it'll help us out a
ton.